Action is the foundational key to all success.
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it. -Alan Kay
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. -Mark Twain
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. -John Lennon
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. -Margaret Mead
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. -Anne Frank
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
To follow the path: look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master. -Modern zen Poem
No problem should ever have to be solved twice. -Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Attitude is no substitute for competence. -Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow. -Juan Meng, Reviewing "The future of ideas" by Lawrence Lessig
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. -Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve. -Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
If life were predictable it would cease to be life and be without flavor. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program. -Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not. -Oscar Wilde
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. -Tony Robbins
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Albert Einstein
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. -Dalai Lama
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones. -Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. -Mae West
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
A little learning is a dangerous thing. -Alexander Pope
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale. -Hans Christian Andersen
Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life. -John Wooden
Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved. -D. H. Lawrence
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. -Marilyn Monroe
Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
Love the life you live. Live the life you love. -Bob Marley
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. -Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals they strived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn to do things, not know things. -Roger Schank, Engines for Education
There really is no learning without doing. -Roger Schank, Engines for Education
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston S. Churchill
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -Henry David Thoreau
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -Steve Jobs
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere. -Barack Obama
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them. -E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember — the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you. -Zig Ziglar
I never dreamed about success, I worked for it. -Estee Lauder
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit. -Conrad Hilton
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. -Herman Melville
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better. -Jim Rohn
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. -Colin R. Davis
I failed my way to success. -Thomas Edison
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -John Wooden
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -Albert Einstein
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. -John D. Rockefeller
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. -Abraham Lincoln
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job and not be paid for it. -Oprah Winfrey
An expert is, according to my working definition someone who doesn't need to look up answers to easy questions. -Eric Lippert.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. -Thomas J. Watson
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it — teach yourself to be impatient. -Gurbaksh Chahal
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Rohn
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. -Alexander Graham Bell
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. -Tony Robbins
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -Rosa Parks
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!' -Audrey Hepburn
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. -Ayn Rand
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Believe you can and you're halfway there. -Theodore Roosevelt
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. -Maya Angelou
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. -Vince Lombardi
You become what you believe. -Oprah Winfrey
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. -Amelia Earhart
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. -Anne Frank
An unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. -George Addair
Dream big and dare to fail. -Norman Vaughan
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. -Beverly Sills
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -Charles Swindoll
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. -Les Brown
I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. -Benjamin Franklin
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. -Sheryl Sandberg
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. -Florence Nightingale
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. -Vincent van Gogh
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. -Gloria Steinem
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. -Napoleon Hill
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end. -Aristotle
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover. -Mark Twain
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life. -William Osler
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much. -William Hazlitt
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. -Wayne Dyer
For the great doesn't happen through impulse alone, and is a succession of little things that are brought together. -Vincent Van Gogh
Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. -Vernon Howard
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life. -T.S. Eliot
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?' -Sydney J. Harris
We pass through this world but once. -Stephen Jay Gould
Live out of your imagination, not your history. -Stephen Covey
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. -Søren Kierkegaard
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy. -Sai Baba
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down. -Roy T. Bennett
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy. -Roy. T. Bennett
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments. -Rose Kennedy
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself. -Rick Riordan
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating. -O. Henry
Three things in life - your health, your mission, and the people you love. That's it. -Naval Ravikant
Success isn't about how your life looks to others. It's about how it feels to you. -Michelle Obama
You cannot find peace by avoiding life. -Michael Cunningham
Difficult and meaningful will always bring more satisfaction than easy and meaningless. -Maxime Legacé
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.' -Mary Anne Radmacher
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. -Mark Twain
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect. -Margaret Mitchell
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life. -Louise Hay
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. -Les Brown
A secret to life: Know that none of this matters, and yet... live as if every single moment does. -Kamal Ravikant
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -Jim Rohn
Things are beautiful if you love them. -Jean Anouilh
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make. -Jane Goodall
If you say you can or you can't you are right either way. -Henry Ford
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. -Henry David Thoreau
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on. -Havelock Ellis
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. -George Lorimer
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -George Bernard Shaw
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion. -Gary Vaynerchuk
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. -Frederick Douglass
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for. -Jennifer Lopez
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride and nothing is guaranteed. -Eminem
That it will never come again is what makes life sweet. -Emily Dickinson
When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I never look back, darling. It distracts from the now. -Edna Mode
To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live. -Dorothy West
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. -Dolly Parton
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. Aim for the company of immortals. -David Ogilvy
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it. -D. H. Lawrence
Don't take life too seriously. Punch it in the face when it needs a good hit. Laugh at it. -Colleen Hoover
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. -Coco Chanel
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. -Charles M. Schluz
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. -Charles Darwin
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read. -Cassandra Clare
Surprise is the greatest gift which life can grant us. -Boris Pasternak
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living? -Bob Marley
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Control your emotions, control your mind, Control your mind, control your actions. Control your actions, control your life. -Anthony Pompliano
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful. -Annette Funicello
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans. -Allen Saunders
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. -Alice Roosevelt Longworth
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. -Albert Einstein
Live to the point of tears. -Albert Camus
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. -A.A. Milne
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality, let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. -Lao Tzu
Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise. -George Gershwin
When I stand before God at the end of my. life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say 'I used everything you gave me'. -Erma Bombeck
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. -Buddha
Always be yourself. At the end of the day, that's all you've really got; when you strip everything down, that's all you've got, so always be yourself. -Al Roker
When you are doing something that is right, you just do it and take care... Someone has to do this. -Alice Nkom
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed. -Booker T. Washington
I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go. -Langston Hughes
Collaboration, creativity, and respect build life long connections that matter and make a difference, propelling us to work together across all boundaries. -Diane Luna
Stay strong as you live your life story and remember your blessings, no matter what circumstances you face. -Dr. Damary M. Bonilla-Rodriguez
Hold on to your dreams of a better life and stay committed to striving to realize it. -Earl G. Graves, Sr.
In order to write about life first you must live it. -Ernest Hemingway
The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. -Frank Sinatra
All human beings have three lives: public, private, and secret. -Gabriel García Márquez
I intend to live life, not just exist. -George Takei
I know you can't live on hope alone. But without hope, life is not worth living. So you, and you and you: You got to give them hope. You got to give them hope! -Harvey Milk
What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it. -Gabriel García Márquez
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
You have to go the way your blood beats. If you don’t live the only life you have, you won’t live some other life, you won’t live any life at all. -James Baldwin
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes
Sometimes the biggest accomplishment in life is to find yourself. -Luisa Fernanda Cicero
If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyone else to be good to me? -Maya Angelou
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -James Baldwin
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. -Muhammad Ali
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. -Bruce Lee
Life isn’t perfect, any failures you have are actually learning moments. They teach us how to grow and evolve. -Phillipa Soo
There are times in life when, instead of complaining, you do something about your complaints. -Rita Dove
Our life and our success will be measured by the quality of the life we lead and the lives we touch. -Sandra X Pradas Martin
Get busy living or get busy dying. -Stephen King
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. -The Buddha
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too. -Will Smith
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not. -Oprah Winfrey
When life hands you a difficult situation where you feel undervalued and disrespected, be bold and brave enough to know your worth. -Yai Vargas
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
I decided I can’t pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it. -Serena Williams
There are years that ask questions and years that answer. -Zora Neale Hurston
I think it's great to be flawed. I am hugely flawed, and I like it this way. That's the fun of life. You fall, get up, make mistakes, learn from them, be human and be you. -Priyanka Chopra
I'll never forget where I'm from. It's essential to remain humble and evolving. -Freida Pinto
It needs to be said and heard: it's OK to be who you are. -Hailee Steinfeld
If you’re doing something outside of dominant culture, there’s not an easy place for you. You will have to do it yourself. -Ava DuVernay
Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts. -Nikki Giovanni
Sometimes you've got to let everything go - purge yourself. If you are unhappy with anything... whatever is bringing you down, get rid of it. Because you'll find that when you're free, your true creativity, your true self comes out. -Tina Turner
If I wait for someone else to validate my existence, it will mean that I’m shortchanging myself. -Zanele Muholi
I've been very fortunate to have good people in my life, and when you find good people, you gotta hold onto them real tight. -Lana Condor
Life is not so much what you accomplish as what you overcome. -Robin Roberts
It's very important for us all to understand that we are interconnected and we need to hold hands together, especially when the going gets tough. -Michelle Yeoh
If you feel like there’s something out there that you’re supposed to be doing, if you have a passion for it, then stop wishing and just do it. -Wanda Sykes
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
Life is a series of baby steps. -Hoda Kotb
Natural foods, Yellow, Banana family, Banana, Plant, Food, Local food, Superfood, Fruit, Produce,  -Lucille Ball
